Introduce a new flag to explicitly permit legacy monitoring (#16586)
elastic/logstash: docs/static/monitoring/monitoring-internal-legacy.asciidoc

deprecated[7.9.0]

> NOTE: Starting from version 9.0, legacy monitoring is deactivated and behind a feature flag. Set `xpack.monitoring.allow_legacy_collection` to `true` to allow access to the feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: Starting from version 9.0, legacy internal collection is behind a feature flag and is turned off by default. 
Set `xpack.monitoring.allow_legacy_collection` to `true` to allow access to the feature.

Using <<monitoring-with-ea,{agent} for monitoring>> is a better alternative for most {ls} deployments. 
```
